---
title: "A visit from an old friend"
date: 2005-06-12
categories: ["ramblings"]
tags: []
draft: false
---

Early last week, I got word that my bestest friend David was going to be in town later in the week. He's in Boston right now, finishing up a Master's at M.I.T. He's majoring in "I Have More Degrees Than You," but is now staring the end of school in the face and seeks alterrnate ways to ensure  he has no free time whatsoever. The first step was getting his lovely wife preggers. Now he's looking for a job well-suited for his considerable array of skills. Anyhoo, he had a phone interview with [PDI](http://www.pdi.com), which is Dreamworks' animation studio, based down in Redwood City. Apparently the interview went well as they booked him a flight later in the week. This was doubly great news as it meant I got to see him and also enjoy thinking about the prospect of him, his wife and their [meatball](http://66.30.115.145:8080/meatball/) to-be moving out here. I would LOVE to be closer to them. I lived in NYC for two years with David and we are still quite close, even if we don't get to see each other as often as we'd like.

His trip out here was rather whirlwind. He came in Thursday evening and left Saturday morning. I'll take what I can get though... Thursday, he picked me up in his sweet-ass rented Azteca. It drives like a dream. A very bad dream. We picked up Deborah in the Mission and headed over to [Sirr's](http://sirrless.blogspot.com) for dinner. He and Vadan cooked up a vegan meal that was quite tasty: a nice Italian bean soup, with two awesome salads some rice stuffed red peppers. Great stuff, especially for a first try with the vegan fare. David was getting pretty sleepy so he dropped us off and headed for his hotel. **Friday was pretty much a write-off, work-wise as our office got moved. It was just across the hall, but it was enough to be disruptive. Which kind of sucks as we are releasing a major product on Monday morning. Heh. The upside is that since the network was down, I got to skate out a little earlier than usual. I was beat (I think the Tri training is catching up with me), so I took a quick snooze on the couch. David then came over after his grueling five hours of interviews (which went pretty well--sweet!). We decided to take it easy and just headed into the Mission, ending up at one of my faves (for character, anyway): [Country Station Sushi](http://sanfrancisco.citysearch.com/profile/889479/san_francisco_ca/country_station_sushi.html). It's kind of a punk-rock sushi bar--high marks for ambiance with pretty decent fish. There was only one chef, so the service was a bit slow, but that was fine with us--gave us some time to catch up. **It's funny--it's so easy for me to get caught up in living the day-to-day stuff and forgetting about those I care about that are far away. Hanging out with David made me realize how much I miss him... I hope he gets the job and manages to get out here.**After some tasty slabs of fish and a little Nigori, he dropped me off and headed back to his hotel. I hit the sack as I had get up early for a group swim/bike in the morning... It was great to see him, even a short trip is great. I hope it's the start of seeing him more often!

I'll get the rest of the weekend updated in a bit...
