---
title: "Into the Bay!"
date: 2005-07-25
categories: ["tri"]
tags: []
draft: false
---

Well, the past week was relatively slack week for me, but I still managed to bring some pain. Last Wednesday, our group workout was at Kezar Stadium. I rode my bike there for a little extra warm-up.The workout was fun--we did these cool relay drills in which we grabbed a partner and practiced bike/run transitions. Luke was my partner, who is training for the beefy half iron man (Big Kahuna) in Santa Cruz. Anyway, one person started on the bike and the other did laps around the track. The biker had to bike a short course (about four or five miles or so) -- into Golden Gate park and around Stowe Lake and back. Then biker person had to dismount, change into running shoes and go tag the person running laps. I was up on bike first and did a quick lap around. Apparently, the transition areas are the most stressful parts of the event, so it's something I should practice more. I managed to change shoes pretty quickly. Coach also showed us a way to unstrap our bike shoes while still clipped in so that you have your feet on top of your shoes as you are still pedaling. I managed to get my feet out before getting to the transition area, but it wasn't so graceful/pretty. I imagine it's even harder when there are other people on bikes around. 

Threw the running shoes on, feeling the weird jelly-like action of the transition from bike to run. Loped down to the track and tagged Luke. I like running on the track--it's kind of fun. There's all sorts of activity too--sprinters and marathoners practicing, people playing on the field. I kind of spaced while running, but I think I did about eight laps or so before Luke returned. I did a little better with the shoe removal the second time. Managed five more laps plus a bathroom break before Luke returned. I guess I was running a bit slower this time. Got one last loop in before coached called us in. Overall, the distance wasn't too great, but it was a good excercise in feeling comfortable changing up from the bike to the run. After practice, I got my wetsuit! Had to wait all way until Saturday to try it on though--needs to be wet, otherwise removal is a biznitch. I was feeling pretty spent, so I hitched a ride home with my rad mentor Carrie.

Bike: 17.6 miles Run: 3.23 miles (corrected for crappy bike computer)

I was beat on Thursday and ended up skipping my bike workout (for shame for shame). Did make it to a team dinner at Ramblas in the Mission. The food was pretty good--the company much better. I like my team--fun folks. [Here are some pics.](http://pg.photos.yahoo.com/ph/friedbergc/album?.dir=b906&.src=ph&store=&prodid=&.done=http%3a//pg.photos.yahoo.com/ph/friedbergc/my_photos)

Saturday was the big day. I have to admit, I was a bit trepidacious at the prospect of throwing myself into the bay. I have biked by Aquatic Park on many occassions and shook my head in disbelief at the crazies that choose to freeze their butts off in the water. I was soon to be joining their ranks. Fortunately, the weather was amazing. Sunny and warm. After getting halfway into our wetsuits, we received a little tutelage on things to think about when in the water. Mostly it consisted of "look up every once in a while to make sure you aren't off course." This turned to be sage advice as I frequently found myself drifting away from my line. So, with this info in head, we zipped up and did a few practice in and outs of the water. The water was cold, but not as bad as I thought it would be. We did a few mini-laps and then were sent to do a few laps around the buoys (1/3 mile loop). It was definitely a different feeling than being in the pool. It was colder, so I found I lost my breath faster (lower lung capacity). Also, the water is murky, so you can't see anything when you stick your head underwater (like the shark about to drag you away for a morning snack). It really felt like I was learning all over--my stroke was forced and I really had to concentrate on swimming. Throw in having to stick your head up to see where you are going PLUS the fact that there are others swimming around you and it stacks up to a whole new experience. The first lap was pretty tough, but I felt like I got into a decent (if slow) rhythm on the second one. I couldn't tell whether we were supposed to do a third one, so I go out. Turns out I could have, but oh well. Next time. We were then told to run until 10:15, so I peeled out of the wetsuit, threw on a shirt and shoes and went for a run. The weather was really warm and I actually broke a sweat as I made my way up Fort Mason Drive and down into the Marina. I managed to get a decent 5.7 miles in. Not too bad. My pace seems to have increased somewhat. We'll see what this week's marker set has to say about that though.

Monday I went for a run after work. 80 minutes, to be precise. Ended up running about 8.6 miles (plus several shoe tying and one pit stop). Not the greatest pace, but it also included some hills (getting home up 23rd street, especially). [Here's the route](http://tinyurl.com/bknft).

**Total Tri Training Numbers****Swim: 19090 meters**Bike: 165.6 miles**Run: 73.83 miles
